W-19607301: Clarification about shared performance responsibility and removal of Standalone configuration section. (#3258)
mulesoft/docs-mule-runtime-3: modules/ROOT/pages/otel-support.adoc

Starting with Mule runtime 4.11.0, you can export OpenTelemetry traces and logs outside Anypoint Monitoring. This allows Mule runtime to export its OpenTelemetry data to a customer-managed OpenTelemetry collector instead of the Anypoint Monitoring OpenTelemetry pipeline.

> This solution is a shared responsibility model where customers must size their environment to support exporting telemetry. The sizing will dependent on various factors like the performance of the Mule application and the performance of the 3rd party observability platform. Additional factors may exist and can only be discovered by testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This solution uses a shared responsibility model. Size your environment to support telemetry export. Sizing depends on factors such as Mule app and third-party observability platform performance. Test to discover additional factors.
```
